Specify the usage of quotes in property values (#10025)
dotnet/msbuild: documentation/wiki/MSBuild-Tips-&-Tricks.md

* The `Directory.*.props`, `Directory.*.targets` et. al. also offer ways to extend your build. They are fairly well-known and documented:
  * [`Directory.Build.props` and `Directory.Build.targets`](https://learn.microsoft.com/visualstudio/msbuild/customize-by-directory)
  * [`Directory.Solution.props` and `Directory.Solution.targets`](https://learn.microsoft.com/visualstudio/msbuild/customize-solution-build) as well as `before.{solutionname}.sln.targets` and `after.{solutionname}.sln.targets` can be used to inject properties, item definitions, items and targets into your build

## Using quotes in MSBuild properties

> There are times when MSBuild needs to be invoked with property arguments using the `/p:propertyName=propertyValue` syntax. However, the behavior of this command can vary depending on the application used to run MSBuild (PowerShell, PowerShell Core, Command Prompt). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are times when MSBuild needs to be invoked with property arguments using the `/p:propertyName=propertyValue` syntax. However, the way of achieving the proper result can vary depending on the shell used to run the MSBuild (PowerShell, PowerShell Core, Command Prompt, etc.). 
```

> When the property value contains quotes (`"`), it may be handled differently depending on the application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the property value contains quotes (`"`), it may be handled differently depending on the interpreting shell.
```

Let's explore the ways to pass property values that contain special symbols like `"`:

Example project: 
```
<Project>
  <Target Name="PrintPropertyValue">
      <Message Text="Property value = ($(propertyValue))" Importance="high" />
  </Target>
</Project>
```

- CMD:
  ```
  msbuild.exe filename.proj /p:propertyValue="Hello, \"World!\""
  ```

  For more details about parsing in CMD and usage of special characters, please visit [this page](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-server/administration/windows-commands/cmd)

- Windows PowerShell:
  ```
  msbuild.exe filename.proj /p:propertyValue="Hello, \`"World!\`""
  ```

>   For more details about parsing in PowerShell (5.1) and usage of special characters, please visit [this page](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/module/microsoft.powershell.core/about/about_parsing?view=powershell-5.1)

Author: Thank you, updated

- PowerShell Core:
  ```
  msbuild.exe filename.proj /p:propertyValue="Hello, `"World!`""
  ```

>   For more details about parsing in PowerShell Core (7.4) and usage of special characters, please visit [this page](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/module/microsoft.powershell.core/about/about_parsing?view=powershell-7.4)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  For more details about parsing in PowerShell (7.4 and higher) and usage of special characters, please visit [this page](https://learn.microsoft.com/powershell/module/microsoft.powershell.core/about/about_parsing?view=powershell-7.4)
```

Author: Updated, thank you!
